1.Our music embodies the regeneration of a lost tradition, a call for bringing back to life what was once part of our lives. From Bach to Liszt, classical musicians and famous composers would play spontaneous music to their audience, mesmerizing them by their creativity and audacity. Although this practice has now almost disappeared, it is needed more than ever. These last two years  have been a source of many emotional breakdowns for each one of us and we have experienced uncertainty, loss, and broken bonds. Thus, we, From The Labyrinth, want to put human experience at the forefront of our performances, inviting our audience into the again flourishing world of live creation.  
Each of our pieces reflects the present time, in the present space and each piece is a door to our inner world. Behind each piece, a hidden part of ourselves is conjured. And as each piece is unique and volatile, we weave a fabric of intimate moments interlacing in their ephemeral condition. Sharing these moments with our audience is a privilege for us, musicians. And we believe this experience can create powerful changes in individuals.
We believe that improvisation is a universal expression that can find its way beyond any background status. Ultimately, we believe that this art form can encourage inclusivity in the classical music sphere and reinforce human connections.


2. Our work is the return of a lost tradition, a call for bringing back to life what was once was, but born anew for these times. From Bach to Liszt, classical musicians and famous composers would play spontaneous music to their audience, improvising upon themes or conjuring entire pieces into being in the moment. It was once expected that all great performers or composers were also improvisers. Our project 'From The Labyrinth' brings this tradition back to life but in a new way. Incorporating music, movement, words, theatricality and a sense of the mysterious and of the divine, we create a completely unique concert experiences in which every moment is suffused with new creation and new worlds and possibilities dance in the instance of imagining.


Please Pick the one that Displays better. Thanks. Chris